---
layout: post
category: tech,article
description: "In which I talk about my freelance career and new wordpress
chops!"
---

Hi all.

It's been a while since I've written (though I've buried a few drafts) so I
wanted to write and share some updates about my personal and professional life.

First, I live in Walla Walla WA now. The move was a five day marathon of driving
and camping. It was also a learning experience[^1].

Second, I freelance for a living. This is a weird sentence for me to write, as
its only now occurring to me that my career actually _does_ provide a living.
The move to WA bit a nice chunk out of my bank account, and my subsequent contracting
on Upwork did just enough to keep me afloat while I looked for a full time job.
Here's the thing though -- I've stopped looking.

A few weeks ago, I took a contract with [Collectively](http://docollectively.com).
They pay me a fair rate, and suddenly I'm not so worried about finding a full
time job. I'm taking a bit of a risk -- my contract is up in a month, and
there's no promising I'll be offered a new one -- but it's a risk I'm willing to
take for now.

The project, which is in Wordpress development, has introduced me to an entirely
new set of skills. I learn a lot about Wordpress and front-end development each
day, and I find that to be very valuable. While I enjoy the project, I'm also
conflicted -- I am glad to be exposed to a wide breadth of technology, but I've
always thought of myself more in the backend camp (and sometimes I miss coding
in Go). I hope that this direction in my career leaves room for me to double
back to working in Go. My biggest fear is to be pigeon-holed.

[^1]:If you're tent-camping with a cat, be ready to sleep with a litter box.
